Improve front matter (#808)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/advanced/high-availability/multi-az/index.md

---
linkTitle: Multiple AZ
title: Clusters over multiple availability zones

> description: Using multiple availability zones both for worker and for master nodes increases the resilience for clusters. Here we explain some details regarding support on different cloud providers and releases, plus how to configure workloads to leverage multiple availability zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Using multiple availability zones both for worker and for master nodes increases the resilience of the cluster. Here we explain some details regarding support on different cloud providers and releases, plus how to configure workloads to leverage multiple availability zones.
```
